New implementation ideas:
when i search for the word, and click on down arrow select first word, and again clicking should
select 2nd word and so on, also up arrow arrow function also should work
allow way to do quiz of multiple lessons, allow user to select the lessons.

Give feature to create new category, we already have lesson 1 to 25, but i still want to create new categories.
Move part should only for hard to normal (or) normal to hard.
So give feature to copy the words to other category (it should never move to new category, only copy)
-> this feature should only when selection mode is on.

when selection mode is on "c' click -> should copy the words to selected category.
when selection mode is off "c" click -> should click on "copy to clipboard" button

-> current implementation is reading japanese words, but use romanji to read instead,
words like はいしゃ -> is read out as waisha, but actual reading is haisha

in quiz add 2 new modes:
    romanji to english mode
    english to romanji mode writting

allow feature to show all words, they should be shown in sorted order of romanji,
so duplicate words -> 2 words having same japanese, english meaning and romanji should be added only once 

Some how i want to be able to make words into groups, so that similar words i can make them into groups,
my idea is:
create new Category -> similar words -> in the category
-> from other category i will be selecting words and clicking on "S" key or "Move Similar Words" button should copy the 
words to "Similar Words" category and here there will be initially only one empty box. All moved words would be in 
on that single box. and we can create new empty boxes - give an button for it, also give "+" key press to call this button click,
button should be available only in this category page, and 
allow feature to drag and drop words into box, and i will be move words one by one to that box. Give a button to create new empty box. 

Give a feature to edit the words, i should be able to edit any thing like japanese, english, romanji
-> while editing make sure that arrow functions wont be colliding with this.

Also give feature that if i click Shift + 0 and then Shift + 1, then open first lesson
when i click Shift + 1 and then shift + 4, then open 14th lesson like that please give an feature.

also when i click on the screen anywhere out side the word box, then all selected boxes should become not selected.
if i were to click on word box then no unselected all boxes, when i dont click on anyof the words then only do this.

when i'm in search box, and if i click esc then i should come out of focus of the search box.
For Play All button -> once all words are played, then again continue from the start automatically, it should
continously looped until i click stop button on "p" key press.

in japanese to romanji writting (or) english to romanji writting modes, ignore space check
if answer = hai wakarimasu and if i enter hai waka rimasu -> then also answer is right, also ignore ~'s
(or brakets)

make the quiz mode into flashcards
-> when question is being shown then only question will be shown,
when i click enter or touch the question then it will swipe and show only answer, that is
the answer section.

when quiz finishes, we are showing "Restart Same Quiz", "Start Hard/Normal QUiz", "Start Next Lesson"
so instead of showing "Start next Lesson" we need to show "Start Next Lesson - Normal" and 
"Start Next Lesson - Hard" buttons, also when we click on 3 when we are quiz finish screen it will be clicking
on "start next lesson" button, now it needs to click "Start Next Lesson - Normal" also when i click on 
4 button it should click "Start Next Lesson - Hard" button.


