when i'm in quiz, when i touch on answer box, then also it should behave as enter button click
when i'm in edit box, when i click enter button it should click on "Save Changes" button
    when i click on esc button then close the box. 
when doing sort by romanji for all words part - ignore ~, "(" for considering sorting logic.
when i'm doing ctrl + right arrow after lesson 25 -> it should goto next category in our case it is "Show All words"
basically it should go by all categories for first is should always be lessons,
in future i might add new lesson also so it should work in that case too.

Copy words to -> button should be available when we are in selection mode,
and copy words should only be copied to categories that are not lessons, so when i'm doing copy to then 
give option to select only categories that are not lesson in an dropdown form.
Copy should work even to the "Similar Words" category
also Ctrl + right/left arrow -> should not navigate to lesson categories, since we are implementing it 
using shift + number combo, so only not lesson categories to be navigated using ctrl + right/left arrow clicks

Quiz for multiple lessons feature is also not working.
i'm not getting option to select lessons.

------------------------------

Actually "Next Lesson - Hard" / "Next Lesson - Normal" is playing current lesson only on quiz finish page.
page is changing correctly but quiz is playing current one only
-> i think selection of multiple lesson feature might be having impact here.
when we are showing answer box then make .quiz-answer-area-> margin-bottom : 0px;
we basically want to see question box and answer box in same dimensions and same positions
when i click on edit for an word, then it should automatically make japanese box as focus

when doing sort by romanji for all words part - ignore ~, "(" for considering sorting logic.
also ignore "-"


in copy to category:
    automatically make dorpdown box as focus
     also when i click on "Enter" then it should click on "copy Words"

when i'm coping an words to an category, then it should almost move nrml words, never to hard words.

------------------------------
read japanese instead of romanji
in quiz when goto previous show question always
for the words that are copied to an category when i hover my mouse ove then show added categories

------

when i'm in quiz mode clicking on c -> it should call the copy to category functionality
when i'm copying to similar words category -> then "Add to Similar Words Group" pop is getting opened
and i want focus to be gone to Select Group automatically, and click on enter should click on "Add Words" button.
also by default last group to be selected for "Select Group" dropdown.

---

also when i click on copy words, then by default it should select the -> "Similar Words" Category

---

when i'm in similar words page, when i click  on Enter button, then click on "Create New Group" button

---
i'm not maintaining order of vocab in my code

words that are added to atleast one cateogry should have some unique distinction on UI.
--------------------
phrases category(basically custom category) selected words data is not getting copied to clipboard for words.js
also if possible add features to change order of words by drap and drop in select category page, 
also by default it is selecting last category right, instead of allowing user to select, can you by default 
directly copy to last category, no need to give option for the user.
also we need to distinguise the words that are added to atleast one category even for quiz words, 
you can simply show left border with green color with 1px width.

if any of the comma seperated meaning of english of one word and another word have common english meaning
then show by default add them to Group 1

if romanji is same then also Group them to Group 2

From Group 3 onwards my groupings

-----------------------
when i click ctrl + p -> then below the words in all the categories that word is present.
basically show category mode gets on, no need to give this feature for tab or mobile devices.
ctrl + p -> again clicking will off the mode and hide the categories part.

---
edit an work should update it in all it's categories.

on phone not able to move to an category fix it.

Restart quiz in middle of quiz, r key press should also restart the quiz ( when we are in quiz ), 
c button to copy only current category only, 

hidden specific category words, useful when making all words are being selected nothing is missing
-> there can be multiple category so allow option to be able to deselect multiple category.
-> if an word is present in multiple categories then unselecting one category should not hide the word.
-> also when doing shift + select of the words -> the hidden words should not be selected.
    
also lastly moved to category should be comings as default category next time.

in quiz mode for an answer word give option of speaker at the bottom right

in quiz mode being on 2nd questions and revealing answer and then going to previosu and now clicking on
next is showing answer but here also we need to see quesiton on clicking it then answer to be revealed.

when we are doing search for an words, and if i press enter being in the search box then create a new category 
with Search Results and show all the words that are matching the search result -> note we need to see all words
matching the search result there should not be any restriction, also here also we should be able to selection words
and be able to copy to categories, search results is temperory so dont save it to local storage.

---

4. Add Setting icon left to the them icon clicking on it should show these options, 
    N5 Lessons = (it will show only Lesson 01 to Lesson 25) categories
    N5 Kanji   = (it will show only Kanji 01 to Kanji 20) categories
    N5 Others  = (it will show only categories ending with format as (abcde1) i.e Questions1, Counters1, Phrases1)

    when we are in N5 Others - SameMeaning logic will run only for N5 Lessons
    when we are in N5 Others - SameRomaji logic will run only for N5 Lessons
    when we are in N5 Others - Show All Words logic will run only for N5 Lessons

    When we are N5 Lessons copy to should goto only N5 Others -> categories

    Create N4 Lessons and N4 Kanji and N4 Others options
    with N4 Lessons should be -> Lesson 26 to Lesson 50 -> for now have it as blank
    N4 Kanji -> for now make it as only Kanji 21
    N4 Others -> for N4 Others it will have categories be like Questions2, Counter2, Phrases2 ...

    lly for N3

    Show all words will be showing all worsd for only Lesson Categories, only of that lesson only.

    When we are N5 Lesson -> shift + 03 = goto Lesson 03, Shift + 23 = Goto Lesson 23
    when we are N5 Kanji  -> shift + 01 = goto Kanji 01
    when we are N4 Lesson -> shift + 27 = goto Lesson 27
    when we are in N5 Lesson -> and click shift + 27 => then change setting and also goto to the Lesson 27 of N4
    all settings data will be saved into -> local storage and words.js and also will be copied to clipboard.

    clicking s = should option settings, clicking esc should close settings, when we click s automatically make
    the picklist as focus -> this picklist values = N5 Lessons, N5 Kanji, N5 Others, N4 Lessons, ...

    all these details also update in help.
    
    Kanji categories also should be treated as lesson categories that is -> they should not be coming in
    Copy to category option dropdown also in "Hideen Categories" checkboxes

0. issue bug -> when i selecting "phrases" check box on "Hidden Categories" even then it is still showing "Phrases"
1. when in import -> ctrl + enter -> should click on submit button
2. shortcut for changing display mode - big japanese/big english.. atl + 1 select first one, alt + 2 select 2nd option.. 
udpate all shortcut keys in the help
3. in search mode save the search string in local storage in js file even refresh the page should not lose search result
only save search term.
4.shift + qu = goto question category, left and right arrow should be going to prev and next lessons
5. q = goto first non lesson category and non-kanji category, generally categories to be sorted as first all lessons and then
all kanji categories and then other categories, q = first non lesson and non kanji category, being here and doing left arrow = last kanji(our case 20),
goto last non lesson and non kanji category and doing right arrow = goest to first lesson.

6. ctrl + a = select all words in current category when we are in selectinon mode
7. If an word is in Lesson 01 -> hard then it is showing "Lesson" for categories (when we are clicking on ctrl + p),
    it should show Lesson 01 -> fix this bug, also ctrl + p mode data also please save to localstorage, 
    even in copy to clipboard also this data to be copied and also in word.js
8. for the quiz mode -> add 8th mode that is japanese reading practice it will only show word it will not read the word,
    when we click on enter then it will show all of it's details that is english, japanese and romanji now it will
    read out japnaese reading.

-> if possible do these:
login into website, for each user have seperate change ordered data to be saved to google drive's text file.
 users can be able to stats of other users like => number of days opened and what are those days, also
 number of words they have practised in quiz mode, i.e when you start quiz and goto some words then it will be 
 counting those words if we stop in b/w the quiz it will only till now words count.

show leaderboard of number of days and number of words practised in quiz mode.
