I have kanji data in one js file like this:
var allKanji = [
  {
    "kanji": "上",
    "name": "Radical Combination",
    "url": "https://www.wanikani.com/kanji/%E4%B8%8A",
    "radicals": [
      "Toe",
      "Ground"
    ]
  },
  {
    "kanji": "下",
    "name": "Radical Combination",
    "url": "https://www.wanikani.com/kanji/%E4%B8%8B",
    "radicals": [
      "Ground",
      "Toe"
    ]
  },
.....
]

and radicals data like this:
{
  "ability": "能",
  "above": "上",
  "accept": "受",
  "again": "亦"
  ...
}

so i want you to show all kanjis in "All Kanjis" category and allow me to selected kanjis to 
categories like N5, N4, N3, N2, N1
also give options to copy to categories options and create new categories.

i want options to show kanjis from all categories dont show duplicates(if there are duplicates show only once).

i should be able to delete selected kanjis.
i should be able to move the selected kanjis

selection logic should work like this clicking on 4th kanjis will select it, 
and then clicking 8th kanji will select 8th kanji(4th kanji wont be unselected),
when click on already selected kanji it should become unselected.
when click on an kanji by holding shift in that lets say i selected 11th kanji then 9,10,11 kanjis should be selected
since closed selected kanji is 8th kanji
lets say i have selected 20th kanji, by holding shift if i click on 16th kanji then 16 to 19 kanjis to be selected
since 16th kanji is closer to 20th kanji than that of 11th kanji.
and then clicking on up arrow should move the kanjis to this order:
    1,2,4,8,9,10,11,16,17,18,19,3,5,6....
    lly for down arrow logic basically it based on last selected kanji.

when clicking on N -> will toogle showing name(Kanji Name) below the kanji (or) not
r -> will toogle showing radicals or not
we need to show radicals that are linked to our kanji ( we need to show both radical symbol and below it radical name)

ctrl + M = toogles selection mode, when im in selection mode only then selection will be possible,
only then deletion/copy/move kanji options are available

p -> clicking this key should allow me to create new category
when i'm not in sleectoin mode clicking on left arrow should goto previous category, right arrow should take me 
to the next category.

clicking on any kanji (or) radical when not in selection mode should open it's wanikani link.

when i click on q -> it should start quiz, should give me option to select orignal (or) random order
also option to select Kanji to English (or) English to Kanji.
show kanji and clicking on enter button will reveal the Kanji Name
right arrow should goto next question, left arrow shoudl goto previous question.

when i'm radical (or) name of kanji is not being shown then hovering on that kanji should show both radicals 
and name of the kanji -> this rule apply for even for quiz mode.

create radical for each category, when i'm in on category clicking ctrl + enter will toogle radical (Or) kanji
for radicals also i should be able to change order of them but should not be able to move/copy/delete.
radical category values will be based on the kanji's present in the current category,
initial value for radical will be from kanji's category, and then if we remove some kanji from kanji category then 
remove the radical of it if no other kanji of current kanji category has this radical, if new kanji got added to category
and if any of this kanji's radical are not present in radical category then append the radical to last.

all data of kanji order and radical and radical order and categories to be saved to local storage.
also clicking on c i should be able to copy the entire local storage data to clipboard, 
lets have one seperate js file that will have category, radical, radical order, kanji order, show radical or no
show kanji name or now, currently open category, if it is radical mode (or) kanji mode, every single data to be present in 
this js file.

clicking on c will copy the data to the clipboard right, that data i will be using to replace this js file 
so that even if i open the file in someother device i should be able to get the changes.

when local storage is not set initialize the data from local storage, once it is done continue using form local storage,
i will be changing the data of js fiel using c command.

option to theme changer.